and now a dramatic reading of the Ballad
of Elmer Fudd and grilled cheese by
Yoshi Zilla reto source now in Elmer
Fudd vision
Yoshi Zilla reto source I'm definitely
going to hell for this or whatever
comics and cartoons I completely blame
you for asking me to do this but here it
is now more fun and grilled cheese God
why was that so wrong yet hilarious
Elmer Fudd got back home after a hard
day at work he took off his hat and
headed into the kitchen to grab his
favorite meal some nice quailed cheese
Elmer opened the voyage and his mouth
started watering as he grabbed the
coiled cheese and sat down at the table
oh baby how I love me some grilled
cheese Elmer started as he fit into the
quilted cheese and munched on it softly
chewing on it chewing it down after 12
seconds he then unzip his pants and
pulled out his penis his left hand on it
as he began moving up and down grabbing
another grilled cheese as he placed the
grilled cheese into his mouth with his
white hand he moaned and gooey as he
began jacking off faster his wefts hand
started to fell sore munching the
grilled cheese down he let out a loud
sigh of comfort as he grabbed one more
grilled cheese this time ticking up to
his womb as he sat on his big wet bed
stripping off his clothes he sat in
front of the grilled cheese wench get
some action going Elmer stated as he
grabbed a quill cheese and open it up
poisoning his penis the scrumptious
sandwich no word that grabbed the head
of his penis with his white hand and
started puffing it groaning in delight
as he felt the grilled cheese melt on
his big elected penis no word from the
white of his mouth as he closed his eyes
screaming with delight as he came to
come having some wheel cheese inside it
the other side is he set back on his bed
grabbing the grilled cheese he
masturbated on ooh quill cheese you do
so well to place me down where started
as he gobbles the quill cheese letting
on satisfying sigh as he was surrounded
by hundreds of grilled cheese is just
waiting to be sexed up the end